com/recetario/backend/model/Categoria.java
 com.recetario.backend.model.Categoria
com/recetario/backend/util/Mapper.java
 com.recetario.backend.util.Mapper
com/recetario/backend/repository/CategoriaRepository.java
 com.recetario.backend.repository.CategoriaRepository
com/recetario/backend/controller/PlatoRestController.java
 com.recetario.backend.controller.PlatoRestController
com/recetario/backend/service/CategoriaService.java
 com.recetario.backend.service.CategoriaService
com/recetario/backend/BackendApplication.java
 com.recetario.backend.BackendApplication
com/recetario/backend/util/CategoriaMapperImpl.java
 com.recetario.backend.util.CategoriaMapperImpl
com/recetario/backend/repository/PlatoRepository.java
 com.recetario.backend.repository.PlatoRepository
com/recetario/backend/ServletInitializer.java
 com.recetario.backend.ServletInitializer
com/recetario/backend/model/QProcedencia.java
 com.recetario.backend.model.QProcedencia
com/recetario/backend/service/PlatoService.java
 com.recetario.backend.service.PlatoService
com/recetario/backend/dto/ParametrosDTO.java
 com.recetario.backend.dto.ParametrosDTO
com/recetario/backend/dto/CategoriaDTO.java
 com.recetario.backend.dto.CategoriaDTO
com/recetario/backend/controller/CategoriaRestController.java
 com.recetario.backend.controller.CategoriaRestController
com/recetario/backend/dto/ProcedenciaDTO.java
 com.recetario.backend.dto.ProcedenciaDTO
com/recetario/backend/service/CategoriaServiceImpl.java
 com.recetario.backend.service.CategoriaServiceImpl
com/recetario/backend/util/PlatoMapperImpl.java
 com.recetario.backend.util.PlatoMapperImpl
com/recetario/backend/dto/PlatoDTO.java
 com.recetario.backend.dto.PlatoDTO
com/recetario/backend/util/ProcedenciaMapperImpl.java
 com.recetario.backend.util.ProcedenciaMapperImpl
com/recetario/backend/service/ProcedenciaServiceImpl.java
 com.recetario.backend.service.ProcedenciaServiceImpl
com/recetario/backend/service/PlatoServiceImpl.java
 com.recetario.backend.service.PlatoServiceImpl
com/recetario/backend/repository/ProcedenciaRepository.java
 com.recetario.backend.repository.ProcedenciaRepository
com/recetario/backend/model/QPlato.java
 com.recetario.backend.model.QPlato
com/recetario/backend/common/GenericCrudServiceImpl.java
 com.recetario.backend.common.GenericCrudServiceImpl
com/recetario/backend/service/ProcedenciaService.java
 com.recetario.backend.service.ProcedenciaService
com/recetario/backend/common/GenericCrudService.java
 com.recetario.backend.common.GenericCrudService
com/recetario/backend/model/Plato.java
 com.recetario.backend.model.Plato
com/recetario/backend/model/Procedencia.java
 com.recetario.backend.model.Procedencia
com/recetario/backend/controller/ProcedenciaRestController.java
 com.recetario.backend.controller.ProcedenciaRestController
com/recetario/backend/model/QCategoria.java
 com.recetario.backend.model.QCategoria
